
#  AGAGE Data README file
This is a zip folder containing combined AGAGE/ALE/GAGE archive data. 
The ALE/GAGE files were created by Derek Cunnold's team at Georgia Tech (GA Tech.) in the early 1990s. These data were all converted from earlier scales to the Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO) 1993 scale (SIO-93; see Cunnold et al., 1994 and Prinn et al., 2000).
The AGAGE data come from the output netCDF files from GCWerks, and the code to create this combined dataset was generated by the University of Bristol.
For questions, please contact matt.rigby@bristol.ac.uk

# Structure

This archive is organised into high-frequency (~hourly) and monthly averaging periods.

Within each folder is a directory containing the data for each species.

Within the species directory, if multiple instruments have measured a species at a single site, there is a 'combined' .nc file, where individual instruments have been combined to form a continuous record. Choices on when to switch instruments are provided in the data_combination.xlsx spreadsheet.

The individual data files for each instrument can be found in the sub-directory 'individual'. 
Otherwise, the files are labelled as NETWORK-INSTRUMENT_SITE_species_version.nc
 
For example, the cfc-11 folder contains the following files for CGO (Cape Grim):

AGAGE-combined_CGO_cfc11_version.nc

individual/
  AGAGE-ALE-GCMD_CGO_cfc11.nc
  AGAGE-GAGE-GCMD_CGO_cfc11.nc
  AGAGE-GCMD_CGO_cfc11.nc


# AGAGE Data Statement:

These data are made available to the scientific community in the belief that their wide use will lead to greater understanding and new scientific insights. 
The availability of these data does not constitute publication of the data. AGAGE relies on the ethics and integrity of the user to insure that the AGAGE 
scientists receive fair credit for their work. If the data are obtained for potential use in a publication or presentation, AGAGE should be informed at the 
outset of this work. If the AGAGE  data are essential to the work, or if an important result or conclusion depends on the AGAGE data, 
co-authorship may be appropriate. This should be discussed at an early stage with the AGAGE contacts listed below. Manuscripts using the 
AGAGE data should be sent to the AGAGE contacts for review before they are submitted for publication so we can ensure that the quality and limitations of 
the data are accurately represented. Every effort is made to produce the most accurate and precise measurements possible. However, we reserve the right to make corrections to the data based on recalibration of standard gases or for other reasons deemed scientifically justified. We are not responsible for results and conclusions based on use of these data without regard to this warning.

# AGAGE Data Reciprocity Agreement

Use of these data implies an agreement to reciprocate. Laboratories making similar measurements agree to make their own data available to the general public 
and to the scientific community in an equally complete and easily accessible form. Scientists  are encouraged to make available to the community, upon request, their own modelling tools used in the interpretation of the AGAGE data, namely well documented model code, transport fields, and additional information necessary for other scientists to repeat the work and to run modified versions.

# Acknowledgements

Please thank the listed contacts (who are not already co-authors) for each of the stations whose data is used in your paper. Please state: “AGAGE is supported principally by NASA (USA) grants to MIT and SIO, UK government and NOAA (USA) grants to Bristol University; CSIRO and BoM (Australia); FOEN grants to Empa (Switzerland); NILU (Norway); SNU (Korea); CMA (China); NIES (Japan); and Urbino University (Italy)”.

# Citation of AGAGE Data
 
(1) Obtain the DOI of the specific version of the AGAGE data that you have used.

(2) R.G. Prinn, R.F. Weiss, J. Arduini, T. Arnold, H.L. DeWitt, P.J. Fraser, A.L. Ganesan, J. Gasore, C.M. Harth, O. Hermansen, J. Kim, P.B. Krummel, S. Li, 
Z. M. Loh, C.R. Lunder, M. Maione, A.J. Manning, B.R. Miller, B. Mitrevski, J. Mühle, S. O’Doherty, S. Park, S. Reimann, M. Rigby, T. Saito, P.K. Salameh, 
R. Schmidt, P.G.  Simmonds, L.P. Steele, M.K. Vollmer, R.H. Wang, B. Yao, Y. Yokouchi, D. Young, and L. Zhou: History of chemically and radiatively important 
atmospheric gases from the Advanced Global Atmospheric Gases Experiment (AGAGE), Earth Syst. Sci. Data, 10, 985-1018, 2018, https://doi.org/10.5194/essd-10-985-2018. 

(3) Most recent AGAGE paper publishing the relevant data, as listed on AGAGE Publications.

# Licence

Distributed under CC-BY 4.0 (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en)
